aws-sts: add page (#8669)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/aws-sts.md

> # aws-sts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# aws sts
```

> > Security Token Service (STS) enables you to request temporary credentials for (IAM) users or for users that you authenticate (federated users).

Reviewer: We try to avoid `you`/`your`
```suggestion
> Security Token Service (STS) allows to request temporary credentials for (IAM) users or for federated users.
```

> More information: <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/sts/>.

> - To get temporary security credentials that you can use to access Amazon Web Services resources that you might not normally have access to:

Reviewer: Perhaps this better
```suggestion
- Get temporary security credentials to access specific AWS resources:
```

> `aws sts assume-role --role-arn {{ aws-role-arn}}`

Reviewer: Is a `placeholder`? The placeholders should be in `snake_case`
```suggestion
`aws sts assume-role --role-arn {{aws_role_arn}}`
```

> - To get IAM user or role whose credentials are used to call the operation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Get an IAM user or role whose credentials are used to call the operation:
```
